QLIK® CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT

THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTEREST IN CONTRIBUTING TO SOFTWARE OWNED, CREATED 
AND MANAGED BY QLIKTECH INTERNATIONAL A.B. (QLIK).  BY SIGNING THIS 
CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT (CLA), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ALL 
CONTRIBUTIONS YOU MAKE TO QLIK ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
OF THIS AGREEMENT.  THIS LICENSE IS FOR YOUR PROTECTION AS A 
CONTRIBUTOR, AS WELL AS FOR THE PROTECTION OF QLIK AND ITS USERS AND 
DOES NOT AFFECT YOUR RIGHTS TO USE YOUR OWN CONTRIBUTIONS FOR ANY OTHER 
PURPOSE. YOU RESERVE ALL RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST IN AND TO YOUR 
CONTRIBUTIONS. PLEASE COMPLETE AND SIGN THIS AGREEMENT THEN SCAN AND 
SEND TO QLIK USING THE EMAIL ADDRESS [ENTER EMAIL ADDRESS].

IF YOU ARE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS ON BEHALF OF ANY CORPORATION, 
PARTNERSHIP OR OTHER ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE 
AUTHORISED TO LEGALLY BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THIS AGREEMENT.  QLIK’S 
SOFTWARE IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU ACCORDING TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
CURRENTLY AVAILABLE AT WWW.QLIK.COM/LICENSE-TERMS.
 
1.)	DEFINITIONS  

1.1.) “Agreement” means this Qlik Contributor License Agreement.  

1.2.) “Contribution” means any original work of authorship, including any 
modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally 
submitted by You to Qlik for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of 
the products owned or managed by Qlik (the "Work"). For the purposes of 
this definition, "submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or 
written communication sent to Qlik or its representatives, including but 
not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code 
control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on 
behalf of, Qlik for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, 
but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise 
designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution”.  

1.3.) “Software” means the generally available release of the Qlik 
software, in object code form, initially provided or made available to 
You as well as updates thereto that Qlik elects to make available at no 
additional charge to all of its customers that subscribe to Maintenance 
for the Software. Unless otherwise indicated, the Software, Software API 
and Documentation are referred to collectively herein as “Software.”  

1.4.) “You” or “Your” means the copyright owner or legal entity 
authorised by the copyright owner that is making this Agreement with 
Qlik. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all other 
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control 
with that entity are considered to be a single Contributor. For the 
purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or 
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether 
by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or 
more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such 
entity.

2.)	GRANT OF COPYRIGHT LICENSE
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant 
to Qlik and to users of Software made and distributed by Qlik a 
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no charge, royalty free, 
irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, 
publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense and distribute Your 
Contributions and such derivative works. 

3.)	GRANT OF PATENT LICENSE
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, You hereby grant 
to Qlik and to users of Software made and distributed by Qlik a 
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, 
irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, 
have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the 
Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable 
by You that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or 
by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such 
Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent 
litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or 
counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work 
to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent 
infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this 
Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date 
such litigation is filed.

4.)	REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTY  
4.1.)	You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above 
license. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that 
you create that includes your Contributions, you represent that you have 
received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, 
that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to 
Qlik, or that your employer has executed a separate Corporate CLA with 
Qlik.

4.2.)	You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original 
creation.  You represent that Your Contribution submissions include 
complete details of any third-party license or other restriction 
(including, but not limited to, related patents and trademarks) of which 
you are personally aware and which are associated with any part of Your 
Contributions.  

4.3.)	You may provide support for Your Contributions but Qlik is in no 
way obligated to accept such support or pay a fee for such support.  You 
provide Your Contributions on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR 
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON- INFRINGEMENT, 
MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  

4.4.)	If You wish to submit works that are not Your original creation, 
You may submit it to Qlik separately from any Contribution, identifying 
the complete details of its source and of any license or other 
restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, 
and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and 
conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: 
[named here]"

4.5.)	You agree to notify Qlik of any facts or circumstances of which 
you become aware that would make these representations inaccurate in any 
respect.
